add thai tokenizer docs (#8489)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _analyzers/tokenizers/thai.md

---
layout: default
title: Thai
parent: Tokenizers
nav_order: 140
---

# Thai tokenizer

> The `thai` tokenizer is designed for tokenizing Thai language text. Because words in Thai language are not separated by spaces, the tokenizer must identify word boundaries based on language-specific rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `thai` tokenizer tokenizes Thai language text. Because words in Thai language are not separated by spaces, the tokenizer must identify word boundaries based on language-specific rules.
```
